hey guys today I'm going to do a rock
and roll makeup and I was listening to
that song rock star by Nickelback and I
was just thinking what would my makeup
look like if I were a rock star so this
is one of the things that I thought of
and it's just gonna be really smudgy and
it'll probably crease but that's the
point you're a rock star you just play
the show for hours all night you're
sweaty you're breaking things your
makeup is gonna be a hot mess so that's
the look so the first thing that I'm
gonna do is take a purple pencil and go
to about half of the lid and I'm using a
pearl glide eyeliner and erase these
came out about two times already but if
you don't have it it's just a purple
pencil so whatever purple eyeliner you
have if you have one use that and if you
don't want to do purple whatever color
you have so I'm just going to fill in
all right so we have the purple down and
now I'm going to use my grease paint
stick and black that came out with the
style black collection and I think in d
squared and if you don't have this just
use a black eyeliner just coloring the
rest of your eye
okay and then I'm gonna take a synthetic
brush this is a 242 by Mac and I'm just
going to blend that into the purple so
you have to do that really quickly
because these sets really fast if you
were using your black eye Kohl you'd
have a lot more time to work with it
there we go and
I'm just gonna take this on the lower
lash line to next I'm going to use this
clear gloves from Mac and if you don't
have this another thing that is safe to
use on your eyes to make them glossy is
called aquaphor and it's the one that
comes in there like a little container I
guess I don't know what to call it but I
saw that in a magazine and they said
it's safe to use on your eyes to make
them glossy so maybe you have that and
I'm just going to apply it onto my lids
to make them look shiny
all right so I put the gloss on and you
can see it's already starting to crease
and that's the what I'm going for
so if you don't want to crease don't put
any gloss on it because that's what it's
gonna do
and now mascara alright and then I'm
gonna contour I did it a little bit so
you can see that um I have that
sculpting sheet powder and accentuating
sculpt but if you don't have this just
use a bronzer or if you have a blush
that looks like that that's a little bit
darker just a little bit thin your skin
tone you could use it and I just
exaggerated it for the camera because if
I didn't then you wouldn't be able to
see it so I'm just gonna do a little
extra from the corner of the ear and
then you want to stop that about them
and all don't take it all the way so
you're gonna deposit most of the color
here and then whatever is left just
blend it but you don't want to have a
line that goes all the way to the corner
of your mouth
and blend it because you want to look
really gone like you haven't eaten so
that's what I'm doing
you know I certainly don't add became
not eating but if you're going I'm going
for a stereotype so that's what I'm
doing before anyone thinks I'm telling
people don't eat food of course not I'm
a fine ass myself okay so I did that and
on my lips I'm wearing creme de nude
lipstick nude lipstick by Mac and
see-through lip glass which is also a
nude I'm wearing that cuz we try to look
comatose
on the lips yeah so that's it it's such
an easy look just all emphasis on the
shiny glossy Creasy eyes I think that's
rock and roll to me there you can see
the creasing almost zebra alright guys I
hope you enjoyed this maybe you wanna be
a rock star for Halloween and that's it
I will see you next time